feat(NotificationList)!: Replaced old NotificationList & NotificationListItem w/ upgraded components (#1623)
Codecademy/client-modules: packages/styleguide/stories/Molecules/NotificationList.stories.mdx

  },
  {
    campaign: 'other-notification',
    date: '2 days',
    id: '1234',
    link: 'http://google.com',
    imageUrl: 'https://bit.ly/2Ckp4eW',
    text: 'notiifcation with img url provided',
  },
  {
    campaign: 'discourse-comment',
    date: '1 hour',
    id: '333',
    text: 'discourse comment notification',
    type: 'forum_comment',
  },
  {
    campaign: 'discourse-message',
    date: '1 minute',
    id: '444',
    text: 'discourse message notification',
    type: 'forum_message',
  },
  {
    campaign: 'discourse-like',
    date: '3 minutes',
    id: '555',
    text: 'discourse like notification',
    type: 'forum_like',
  },
  {
    campaign: 'pro-trial',
    date: '3 hours',
    id: '123',
    text: 'Notification with no image or type provided; default Bell icon!',
  },
];

<Meta
  title={title}
  component={NotificationList}
  parameters={{
    subtitle: '',
    source: 'gamut',
    status: 'current',
    figmaId: '',
  }}
  args={{
    notifications,
    onDismiss: () => {
      // eslint-disable-next-line no-console

>       console.log('delete notification');

Reviewer: Just noticing this now: you could probably use an `action()` for this. 🤷

    },
  }}
/>

> New notifications list component. Each notification displays an icon corresponding to its notification type (ex. curriculum_blast or marketing_blast). If no type is provided, a default bell icon will be displayed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Displays a list of notifications. Each notification displays an icon corresponding to its notification type (ex. curriculum_blast or marketing_blast). If no type is provided, a default bell icon will be displayed.
```

Author: oops! totally forgot to update these; will do! tyyy

> Sometimes the teams sending a notification would like to choose a unique icon for their notification. We still support this. If an imageUrl is provided, the notification will show the chosen image instead of the type icon. The recommendation from design, however, is to use the designated types.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Sometimes the teams sending a notification would like to choose a unique icon for their notification. If an imageUrl is provided, the notification will show the chosen image instead of the type icon. The recommendation from design, however, is to use the designated types.
```

<Canvas>
  <Story name="NotificationList">
    {(args) => <NotificationList {...args} />}
  </Story>
</Canvas>

<PropsTable story="NotificationList" />

## Empty Notification

> Empty Notification content (message and image) is selected at random.

Reviewer: Notifications are not always present, so this has an empty state.
Empty Notification content (message and image) is selected at random.

Por que no los dos?
